---
title: What a guy!
author: Simon
layout: post
date: 2012-09-04
url: /what-a-guy/
kia_subtitle:
  - A story about umbrellas.
categories:
  - Blog

---
It was a few years back and I was riding the train home from work. It&#8217;d been raining earlier in the day and the woman across from me had her umbrella hooked onto the side of her seat. The seats adjacent the doors are the only places you can do this, so they&#8217;re prized real estate on rainy days. My own umbrella was similarly hooked. As umbrellas go, mine was pretty special. It had a hard built-in plastic case that slid down to cover the wet cloth when it was not in use. The struts and handle felt strong and sturdy. It was the kind of thing you could see yourself using for years. It wasn&#8217;t actually _my_ umbrella, though. I&#8217;d borrowed it from my wife, and it had cost her quite a bit.

As the train stopped at the station before mine, I looked up from my book and saw that woman who&#8217;d been sitting across from me had gotten off the train, but left her umbrella behind. The doors had not yet closed so I jumped up, grabbed the umbrella, jammed my foot in the doors to stop them closing and called out to the woman. Disaster averted.

I sat down feeling _very_ pleased with myself. If not for me, the poor woman would have lost her umbrella for sure. It&#8217;s not like everyone would have done that, either. I&#8217;m sure some people would have just pretended not to have noticed. But not me. No, I saw what needed doing and did it. What a guy!

I was still basking in the glow of these warm thoughts as the doors opened at my station. I grabbed my bag and stepped out onto the platform. The doors closed behind me and I set off toward the exit, a spring in my step, arms swinging slightly. My right hand held my bag. My left was entirely empty.